Localization with Unicode CLDR and overrideable strings (#2894)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Breaking changes

-  Localization
   -  `locale` prop: `zh-YUE` has been renamed to `yue` to conform with Unicode standard. `zh-YUE` will continue to work with warnings

>    -  Most strings are being retranslated by Microsoft localization team, except English (US), Egyptian Arabic, and Chinese Yue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  Most strings have been validated and retranslated by the Microsoft localization team, with the exception of English (US), Egyptian Arabic, Jordan Arabic, and Chinese Yue
```

>       -  If the new strings are undesirable, please use the [`overideLocalizedStrings` prop](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/master/docs/LOCALIZATION.md#overriding-localization-strings) to override

Reviewer: override?

>       -  String IDs are being refreshed and use a standard format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      -  String IDs have been refreshed and now use a standard format
```

>    -  `useLocalize` and `useLocalizeDate` is being deprecated. Please use `useLocalizer` and `useDateFormatter` instead

Reviewer: don't use 'is being'. Means it's still in the process of happening. When this is published, it will be done.
Link to documentation for `useLocalizer` and `useDateFormatter`

-  Resolves [#2755](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/2755). Added notification system and toast UI, by [@compulim](https://github.com/compulim), in PR [#2883](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/pull/2883)
   -  Please read [this article on how to use notification](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/master/docs/NOTIFICATION.md)
   -  Slow connection timer can now be set using `styleOptions.slowConnectionAfter` (in milliseconds)
-  Resolves [#2871](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/2871). Moved typing indicator to transcript, by [@compulim](https://github.com/compulim), in PR [#2883](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/pull/2883)
-  Resolves [#2756](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/2756). Improved localizability and add override support for localized strings, by [@compulim](https://github.com/compulim) in PR [#2894](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/pull/2894)
   -  Will be translated into 44 languages, plus 2 community-contributed translations

>    -  For details, please read this [documentation on the localization work](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/master/docs/LOCALIZATION.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  For details, please read the [documentation on the localization](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/master/docs/LOCALIZATION.md)
```
